Release announcement for 0.2.1 (#147)
pyrsia/pyrsia.github.io: blog/2022-11-30-pyrsia-0.2.1-released.md

---
title: Release 0.2.1
authors: sudhindra
tags: [pyrsia, cli, installer, service, configuration]
---
## Announcing a new release

We are happy to announce the release of [version 0.2.1](https://github.com/pyrsia/pyrsia/releases/tag/v0.2.1) today!

This release has incremental improvements over the [version 0.2.0](https://github.com/pyrsia/pyrsia/releases/tag/v0.2.0) we had released at the CDSummit at Kubecon in Detroit.

Other than usual software quality improvements we have been able to include the following:

* Better CLI experience - easy to configure
* MacOSX installer is able to start the service automatically - better experience for getting started.
* Now you are able to automatically request builds on Pyrsia if an artifact does not exist on the network.
* Improved and updated documentation

## Integration tests and Staging environment

We invested a lot of time in this release to improve our testing etiquette this release.

> We now have a set of [integration tests](https://github.com/pyrsia/pyrsia-integration-tests) that we rely on to ensure that the network is stable and the apis we offer continue to remain stable.

Reviewer: 'apis' should be 'APIs'? 
However, I would maybe rephrase to:
```suggestion
We now have a set of [integration tests](https://github.com/pyrsia/pyrsia-integration-tests) that we rely on to ensure that the network is stable and the functionality Pyrsia offers, continues to remain stable.
```

We did not have a dedicated infrastructure to test before going to production. So as invested in a staging that allows us to test in a controlled environment before we release to production. This environment also allows us to experiment with our infrastructure as well before we make those changes into production.

More testing is better!

> Please download our installers, try out Pyrsia with docker and let us know if you are looking for something we do not yet support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please [download our installers](https://pyrsia.io/docs/tutorials/quick-installation/), try out Pyrsia with Docker and [let us know](https://pyrsia.io/docs/community/get_involved/) if you are looking for something we do not yet support.
```
